Part 1:
all class:
    - 2-door sedans
    - 4-door sedans
    - SUVs
    - pickup trucks
    - motorcycles

1. if coverage criterion says to test drive each type of vehicle
-   There will be 5 test requirements for this case: each for 1 types of vehicle
T = {1 2-door sedans, 1 4-door sedans, 1 SUVs, 1 pickup trucks, 1 motorcycles}

2. Protential observability issue: 
-   When test drive taken place it might take place in an restricted area with low visibility to observer 
so it's hard to determine which behicle is being test and how well the perform of that vehicle is.
-   Another protential issue is that you may not able to tell the different between type of vehicle is being tested
like 2-door vs 4-door sedan.

3. Potential controllability issue: 
-   Each vehicle take a long time and effort to be able to be ready for a test run. 
So it's hard swithching between each vehicle for a test run, making it has lower controllability 
as the testing of vehicles have a lot of overhead and not fast to door
-   Another big problem is that you might now have access to all vehicle types on demand/available
so it's difficult to control input

4. There will need to be 10 test requirement needed for each vehicle of type hybrid and gasoline
5(vehicle) * 2(type) = 10
So total = 10:
T = {
    2-door sedan (hybrid), 2-door sedan (gasoline) 
    4-door sedan (hybrid), 4-door sedan (gasoline)
    SUV (hybrid), SUV (gasoline)
    pickup truck (hybrid), pickup truck (gasoline)
    motorcycle (hybrid), motorcycle (gasoline)
}


Part 2:

Exercise 6.1 #3

public static int search (List list, Object element)
// Effects: if list or element is null throw NullPointerException
// else if element is in the list, return an index
// of element in the list; else return -1

Base partition:
Characteristic: Location of element in list
Block 1: element is first entry in list
Block 2: element is last entry in list
Block 3: element is in some position other than first or last

(a) “Location of element in list” fails the disjointness property.
Example:
search([3], 3)

Explanation:
In the list [3], the element 3 is both the first entry and the last entry.
So this input fits both Block 1 and Block 2.
That means the blocks are not disjoint.

(b) “Location of element in list” fails the completeness property.
Example:
search([1, 7, 5], 2)

Explanation:
The element 2 is not in the list at all.
It is not first, not last, and not in some other position.
So this input does not fit any of the three blocks.
That means the partition is not complete.

(c) A better partition that captures the same intent is:

Characteristic: Location/status of element in list
Block 1: element is not in the list
Block 2: element is the only entry in the list
Block 3: element is first but not last
Block 4: element is last but not first
Block 5: element is in a middle position (neither first nor last)

Explanation:
This new partition fixes both problems.
It is disjoint because an input can only fit one of these blocks.
It is complete because every non-null case is covered:
the element is either not in the list, the only item, first, last, or somewhere in the middle.